Compat documents for .NET 4.8 for Workflow runtime and designer. (#966)
Microsoft/dotnet: Documentation/compatibility/workflow-xoml-definition-and-sqltrackingservice-caches-changed-from-md5-to-sha256.md

## Workflow XOML definition and SqlTrackingService cache keys changed from MD5 to SHA256

### Scope
Minor

### Version Introduced
4.8

### Source Analyzer Status
NotPlanned

### Change Description

> The Workflow Runtime in keeps a cache of workflow definitions defined in XOML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Workflow Runtime keeps a cache of workflow definitions defined in XOML.
```

The SqlTrackingService also keeps a cache that is keyed by strings.

> These caches are keyed by values that include checksum hash value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These caches are keyed by values that include checksum hash values.
```

In the .NET Framework 4.7.2 and earlier versions, this checksum hashing used the MD5 
algorithm, which caused issues on FIPS-enabled systems. Starting with the .NET Framework 4.8, 
the algorithm used is SHA256.

> There shouldn't be an compatability issue with this change because the values are recalculated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There shouldn't be any compatibility issue with this change because the values are recalculated
```

> each time the Workflow Runtime and SqlTrackingService is started. However, we have provided quirks to allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each time the Workflow Runtime and SqlTrackingService is started. However, you can
```

> customers to revert back to usage of the legacy hashing algorithm, if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
revert back to using the legacy hashing algorithm if necessary.
```

- [x] Quirked 
- [ ] Build-time break // Causes a break if attempted to recompile

### Recommended Action
If this change presents a problem when executing workflows, try setting one or both of

> the `AppContext` switches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following `AppContext` switches:
```

> "Switch.System.Workflow.Runtime.UseLegacyHashForWorkflowDefinitionDispenserCacheKey" to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Switch.System.Workflow.Runtime.UseLegacyHashForWorkflowDefinitionDispenserCacheKey" to true.
```

Author: done

> "Switch.System.Workflow.Runtime.UseLegacyHashForSqlTrackingCacheKey" to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Switch.System.Workflow.Runtime.UseLegacyHashForSqlTrackingCacheKey" to true.
```

Author: done

In code:
```csharp
System.AppContext.SetSwitch("Switch.System.Workflow.Runtime.UseLegacyHashForWorkflowDefinitionDispenserCacheKey", true);
System.AppContext.SetSwitch("Switch.System.Workflow.Runtime.UseLegacyHashForSqlTrackingCacheKey", true);
```

> Or in configuration (this needs to be in config file for the application that is creating the WorkflowRuntime object):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or in the configuration file (this needs to be in the config file for the application that is creating the <xref:System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.WorkflowRuntime> object):
```

Author: done
